My personal helper program

Can choose to give access to google account, and can read calendars, tell you when you have important emails (Can make extension where whenever you order something on amazon, it waits for an email mentioning the order number and says notifications like "it's shipped" or "it just arrived, check the mail")

Maybe refactor Speech into Audio, which has broader audio functionality, and include Speech in that.

Voice commands

Repeat alarm every 5 min until I connect to the web server and answer a question?
Alarm should play music after voice message.
Alarm should be able to pull from feed of TODO list and read list.

Remind me of mealtimes, and give me recipes based on ingredients I have. Query some recipe site or use from a "liked recipes" list for my account

Sync with meal plan calorie counter, and play reminder messages


Jarvis should have a conversation with you. After reminding you to work for 15 minutes, should ask you if you were listening after 5 minutes. Must respond to Jarvis with "Wait 1 hour", "I already did it", or "Not today", something like that. If you don't, Jarvis will pester you. "Why did you even create me if you're not going to listen to me."
Jarvis should have personality.
Can have phrases with certain contexts like "angry", "encouraging", etc. When a situation calls for an angry response, Jarvis can pull from the appropriate phrases.
If you miss entering tasks multiple days in a row, Jarvis should mention it. "Come on, man. It's been three days since you've told me you've completed a task. Either you're not using me as I was designed to be used, or you are a lazy piece of shit. So which is it? Did you offend me? Or yourself?"


Have User, which contains information about the people Jarvis will be addressing (name, gender, preferred mood?)

Mood - defines how Jarvis should speak. (insulting, encouraging, angry, explicit, etc)
Message - will have a message, an optional event to be associated with (waking up), and associated moods

Should be able to export/import "Personality", which will include messages and moods

Schedule page. Combine calendar events and incomplete tasks to show a schedule. Things can be rearranged, auto generated.

Task respond "Not today" Track skips and remind user if they skip a lot